[CUBRIDMAN-68] support dblink (#290)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/sql/query/select.rst

        <metaclass_specification> [<correlation>] |
        <subquery> <correlation> |
        TABLE (<expression>) <correlation>

>         DBLINK (<dblink_expr>) <dblink_identifier_col_attrs>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        TABLE (<expression>) <correlation> |
        DBLINK (<dblink_expr>) <dblink_identifier_col_attrs>
```

Author: Thank you

::

    FROM DBLINK (<dblink_expr>) [AS] <dblink_identifier_col_attrs> 

        <dblink_expr> ::= <dblink_conn>,  remote_query_sting  
        <dblink_conn> ::= server_name | dblink_conn_string
            
        <dblink_identifier_col_attrs> ::= dblink_table_alias ( <dblink_column_definition_list> ) 
        <dblink_column_definition_list> ::= dblink_column_alias <primitive_type> [{, dblink_column_alias <primitive_type>} ...]

*   *remote_query_sting*: Only SELECT query can be specified as the query to be transmitted to the remote DBMS.
*   *server_name*: The name of the server created using:doc:`/sql/schema/server_stmt`\.
*   *dblink_conn_string*: Remote access information expressed as a string.
*   *dblink_table_alias*: The name of a derived table created using DBLINK.
*   *dblink_column_alias*: Virtual column name corresponding to the select list of *remote_query_string* in DBLINK.

.. note::

    The attributes of the column supported by DBLINK are as follows.
    
    * INT, BIGINT, SHORT, FLOAT, DOUBLE, MONETARY, NUMERIC
    * VARCHAR, VARNCHAR, CHAR, NCHAR
    * DATE, TIME, TIMESTAMP, DATETIME
    * DATETIMETZ, DATETIMELTZ, TIMESTAMPTZ, TIMESTAMPLTZ

.. warning::

>     DBLINK does not support columns with the following attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    DBLINK does not support columns with the following data types.
```

Author: OK, Thank you.
